Welcome back.
When we talked about lists we saw our special type of none where some methods that worked on lists didn't
really produce anything.
They modified the lists in place but the output of whatever they were doing was this thing.
None remember how we had in their output this none.
What does that mean if you remember I mentioned none as a special data type that exists in Python and
most languages have something like this to represent the absence of value in some other languages.
You might have heard of.
No.
Which is another thing that again represents the absence of value.
Now why is this useful.
Well for now it's hard to really conceptualize it.
We'll see it being used a lot more as we get further into the course.
But I could do something like a equals none let's say for example we're just starting a video game and
in this video game we have a user's weapons but when you're just turning the game there are no weapons
that the user has.
Well in that case we might want to assign the variable weapons maybe in our code or we use this variable
but we also want to know that this user doesn't really have any weapons.
It's not.
So this is completely valid python if I run this I get none.
And we'll explore this a little bit more throughout the course.
Like I said but hopefully this way you're not intimidated when you see it as the name suggests it's
just nothing.